Updated Docs (#2)
Fireboltofdeath/docs.fireboltofdeath.dev: docs/flamework/guides/creating-a-singleton.md

	}
}
```

## Load Order

> There are times you want to specify the order in which controllers & services load. That's where the **loadOrder** config comes in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are times you want to specify the order in which singletons load. That's where the **loadOrder** config comes in.
```

The **default** is `1`. The **lower** the **loadOrder**, the **earlier** it'll load!

> This only affects **onInit**!

Reviewer: `loadOrder` affects both `OnStart` and `OnInit`
